Dario soda scores for Croatia and the
cat is amongst the pigeons in Group E
we're here in Zagreb for the first time
doing some filming for become a crush
Malcolm it's the website which
encouraged England fans to support
croatia at this year's euro 2000 play
tournament we've got a lot of feedback
from Croatians in the last two days that
they really liked the site we're really
encouraged by the fact England fans for
supporting Croatia so we decided to
follow through on a pre-tournament plan
of coming to a brochure coming to zagreb
been watching one of the games here so
we're here it's a grocery germany we're
very excited about it and I've run out
of things and so well after after
England bus to Croatia last day of
qualifying me my friend George we
decided that we could to support on the
team that wins tournament then we got
locked out by the winners talked it over
the crossbar fishboy thought he was
going to up their slapping to pitch
actually just love the way he lives to
go though he lives brigade a comparing
kajira what do you think about silent
village brilliant he's a throwback he's
obviously learned a lot from 0 res image
he uses a lot of similar styles i think
it's a cheer I he's very intimate with
the players is very close with the
players it's very much part of a family
which is something that plastic achat so
yeah I hope that even if Croatia win he
stays on for the World Cup I hope I'm
anecdote about you being in a t-shirt
and then village noticed you what was
that we were sat in the press conference
with this t-shirt which is half croatia
of England the seven village walk then
there's a normal press conference he was
looking a little bit withdrawn as he
sometimes does and he sat down on the
front row any sort of looked up person
bubble took to see what the hell I was
doing in the press conference oh that
was quite good what's going to happen
today in the game well let's hope the
Croatian victory and it's a price you
fam as a handle size of Englishmen a
dozen see german germany win and so
maybe for milk that maybe reality maybe
11 sure luca racket itch what's hit a
post at rhinebeck my knowledge
a blow to the Betty of Germany a lucky
break no job for village and his boys